#Project Plan
 
Team Name
 Our team name called High Flash which named by Zijie Luo. Actually we don’t get it what is that meaning, but anyway it sounds good. Also it may make others easy to focus and interest in our group.
 
Personal Information
 
Yifei Wang
S3727607
s3727607@student.rmit.edu.au
I am an international student at RMIT, I have been in Australia for three years. You might know I came from China through my name, and yes I spoke Chinese. You know China has a long history, but we do use modern technical!
 
Nuozehua Li, Jason

S3701549

S3701549@student.rmit.edu.au
I come from Jiangsu China, in my hometown, there are many famous scenic spots such as natural caves and bamboo forests.

 
I have been in Melbourne for a year, I graduated from diploma and start my bachelor life now. I can speak Chinese, English, but my English still not very good. About my hobbies, I like playing games in my free time. I also like listening to music when I read books, it can make me relax.

Hai Minh Khue Ta, Kaylee
S3785151
 “kaylee0901@icloud.com”
 I come from Vietnam, so obviously I can speak Vietnamese. I am a freshman of Bachelor of Information Technology. I came to Australia about 3 years ago. Fun fact: I have a cat which is named Theodore and I love it.
 
Haizhou Cheng, Eric
s3622097
81996862gmail.com
Hi, my name is Haizhou Cheng, you also can call me Eric.I come from China, Shenzhen, which is the first economic zone in China. Because I am Chinese so my first language is Chinese, I am doing undergraduate about Information Technology in RMIT. This is my first time learning knowledge in university and also this is my first time learning something by using English. I am a person with a wide range of interests, I like sport, I can swim, play basketball, table tennis, billiards and so on. Even though I am not really good at it but still enjoy it. Also I really love card, I play all the things contain card, for example poker card game and poke card trick, magic the gathering game, Hearthstone. Next of course is video game. My favourite game is League of legend, second favorite is Blizzard game.

 
Zijie Luo, Damon
3809908
s3809908@student.rmit.edu.au
Hello everyone, welcome to my webpage, let me introduce myself here briefly, I am Zijie Luo from China, you can also call me Damon, now I am studying at RMIT University, majoring in IT courses, my students number is s3809908 and the email address is s3809908@student.rmit.edu.au. If you want to make friends or have any questions, you can contact me via this email address. In fact, I have a small hobby that I especially like cats. I have three cats in China. After I came here, I also have two cats at home. I think cats are good friends of human beings. Getting along with them can make our lives full. Pleasure.
 
Group Processes
Our group has done a really good job in Assignment 02. We separate work in different part to make sure each member can done clearly part before the due day. Also we were trying to help each other to reach a higher degree of completion. We don’t want to change project idea in Assignment 03. We have done a lot of work in Assignment 02, so we believe we can do a really well work 
 
Career plans
Our group plans do work in 4 different jobs. We have code programmer, data manager, UI designer and system security Manager. Jason and Eric trying to be a programmer in the future. They prefer to work with software, so both of them choose to be the code programmer. Eric plan to be a data analyst in the future, however he also interests in design, so we let him choose UI designer. Zijie and Kaylee wants to be an IT stuff in the future, they need to work with both software and hardware, because of that reason one of them choose to be a data manager and another wants to be a system security manager. Both of them may use some special IT device to complete their part of work.

#Tools
The link to our group’s website:
https://s3727607.github.io/Assessment03/
The link to our group’s Git repository (GitHub, BitBucket, etc):
https://github.com/s3727607/Assessment03
#Overview
##Topic：
We plan to do an AI manager，this assistance is a program, which can help users control their information and data. It has very strong privacy and independence, every personal assistance only works on personal’s device. Only receive data from the internet and will not send any data to the internet. This assistance has two main functions. Analysis data and keep user’s information safe.
 
##Motivation:
we are interested in this project because this idea comes from filmography–<” black mirror”>. There is one episode is talking about copy people’s mind data and use this data to build a self-make AI which know everything about you and can serve you about everything in your life. Today, AI is more or less integrated into our lives. it can be seen everywhere.AI itself is not a trend, but the most important technological development in the modern era. It is not a technological trend, but the third computing era after the watchmaking era and the programming era. It connects all aspects of our life, business, and management, such as Siri and Cortana. If we were able to work on this project，this project can help employer to check all the unread messages, email and phone calls. Then separate it to different topic, addresser, time and type. also can able to identify the junk message and email. Can remind the employer check important or hurry mail and send the feedback on time. Second is to keep employer’s data and property safe. Assistance control all the money transfer; every transfer need have E-receipt or reason why.
Landscape​:
The similar systems or products is Siri（Speech Interpretation and Recognition Interface).It is AI assistant software built into Apple's iOS system. This software uses natural language processing technology, users can use natural conversations to interact with mobile phones, complete search data, query the weather, set the phone calendar, set alarms and many other services. To compare with Siri，our project is more intelligent and functional， it can help users manage their bank accounting and more security. Of course, it can easily do what Siri’s do and faster thanécription
#Detailed Description
##Aims：
Our project is an AI Manager. We hope that the invention of this project can greatly improve the quality of human life in the future. In order to accomplish this, we need to start from a few small purposes, probably user interface design, programming learning, data collection, model testing and tuning, and finally the online operation.
The first small goal we need to accomplish is the interface design. A good UI design not only makes the software personal and tasteful, but also makes the operation of the software comfortable, simple, free, and fully reflects the positioning and characteristics of the software, User interface design can be divided into three parts: structure design, interaction design and visual design.
The second is programming learning, which is the most basic part of the project. Recently, there are five popular artificial intelligence programming languages, Python, C++, Java, Lisp and Prolog. One of the most popular is Python. Python's succinct syntax and powerful features have become one of the developers' favorite AI programming languages. Python is very considerate to machine learning, more concise than C++ and Java.
The third is data collection which is the most important part. Massive data is the foundation of artificial intelligence, AI learns from all the data it has available. The more data it has, the better its insight, Therefore, the upper limit of high-quality data determines the upper limit of machine learning. The role of data in machine learning can be seen. The quality data should be representative, and the skew of data should not be too serious.
The fourth is the model test. By testing the data, verifying the validity of the model, observing the error samples, and analyzing the causes of the errors, we can often find a breakthrough point to improve the performance of the algorithm.
The last one is the online operation. When the previous goals are completed and the known problems are solved, the project can be promoted. If we have enough time and resources to complete one of the goals, I think it should be the interface design, which is the first part that needs to be done. With our current ability, we want to write an artificial intelligence programming language that is almost Impossible, and data collection is more time consuming and resource intensive, so I think we should first complete a perfect user interface design.
 
##Plans and progress:
Our project is a program which helps user to manage their personal context and bank security. To reach this aim, we have made a project group that contain 4different job --- programmer, UI designer, system security and data manager. Programmer need to write program code, build the structure of program and take care of the software. UI designer is the one who need to design the prototype of the program and make each feather be smooth when user use the program. System security is the one who build the firewall and manager everything about security, data manager is the one who manages all the data made by this project it contains both early and late stage.
 
In this group, UI designer is to build a full-make program interface. we plan to do it in 3 parts. First part is to show the design concept. In this part we will draw the draft interface on notebook, after that we will communicate with programmer to share us concept and ask advice with other group members. Second stage is to make prototypes, we will use some application to build the prototype and link them together, after this stage this program UI design is already finished. Third stage is to work with the code programmer to combine UI function with the program code. 
 
Design concept: 
 
 
User Action
System Action
1
User open app
System show loading page
2
Press ‘on’ icon
AI manager satar working
3
User press the other application icon
System show the details history of that app made
4
User press ‘design’ icon
System show the design page where user can teach AI
5
Press the home button (IOS) or use control bar (Android) to go back to user phone main page
System show main page
6
Say ‘Hi, …’ (... is the name user call their own AI manager)
System show the listening page 
7
Talk with AI manager
Give feedback that according to the order
 
And About the AI programmer, we have two plans:

1. Complete the AI core by us

Advantage：

Save project overhead

It will be more convenient to optimize and modify future programs.

Disadvantage：

This will take us to spend time learning new skills.

Can't ensure that project progress can be completed on time

Unable to estimate operational efficiency

2. We find the right product to buy

Advantage：

This will save a lot of time (can be used to improve the use of the program)

And will reduce the difficulty of the project and speed up the progress of the project.

Disadvantage：

But it will increase the project cost, you need to find an advertiser to sponsor or accept investment.

Unable to guarantee that the operating environment meets expectations

After our team's consideration, we decided to use plan B, which is buying the techniques.
Roles:
We believe that a clear division of labor can make our plans clearer and a deeper understanding of each part of the task. You don't need every member to have a deep understanding of all areas of the project, so the plan can be more compact and deeper.

Hai Minh Khue Ta is Data manager, which is to manage all the data of this AI manager. The data will store the information of customers such as Name, Date of Birth, Address, Bank Account, etc. It also stores the information of all the transactions the customers had made. During the data analysis, the data will be accessible only by certified members of the project team. The project research will remove any direct identifiers in the data before deposit with the storage.

Nuozehua li is a programmer in this group，he is responsible for making a program and let the AI manager learn new things or able to identify different things, it means AI manager can according users’ command and respond to command. This response may be a voice response or an actual action.

Yifei Wang’s job is to develop and maintain logic operations for AI programs. We will conduct research and development in the form of a group.

Initial stage:  AI engineer

Need to be responsible for designing the logic of the AI system, compiling the corresponding algorithms for linear algebra, and adapting the operating environment of the corresponding mobile platform.

Test phase:  Program tester

Solve problems that the program generates during the test (such as program crashes, run errors, permission conflicts, programs and terminals offline)

Final stage:  Program manager

Responsible for the follow-up maintenance of the program and solve the program problems.

Write the optimized program plan as code and update the program.

 
Zijie Luo’s role in this project is the system security manager. his responsibilities are mainly divided into three points. he first designed and implemented a complete security solution to reduce the risk of loss and attack. The second is to quickly diagnose, locate and eliminate security failures. Third, related daily operation, maintenance and optimization. The three points mentioned above are essential for a newly developed project. Establishing a safe system maintenance is essential to ensure the stable development of new projects.

 

 

Scope and Limits

According to assignment 01, our project is basic from the wish of the future. To be honest, this project is feasible. However, it may be too hard for the year one student to do it. Consequently, we decide to separate different group members do different parts of work. My job is UI designer. In the ‘plan and progress’ I mentioned 3 different stages about my work. They are 
1. Draw the prototype on paper, redesign it and communicate with other members.
2. Draw it by using app on laptop.
3. Combine prototype with program code make full app.
 
Up to now, I have read some articles from google and research some work from different design software. With my current ability, it is a little bit too hard to make a full-make application. So I plan to finish stage 1 and 2 in this assignment. In order to complete my work better, I will put more time on prototype design and improve the ability to use software application.
Develop an AI manager has many steps, they are Analysis purpose, data preparation, development model, training model, evaluation model and deployment model.

We don’t have enough time to do this, so we just start to development model, we plan to let AI manager to identify some objects but not accept the people’s order, this is the first step.

We have insufficient skills and knowledge to complete this project, but our concept can be partially implemented.
Our interactive interface will be designed in the first edition.
Information management model and information base can make models
The AI system will find available purchase channels
Find a web platform where you can sell the app.
 

 
 
For a student who is just beginning to get in touch with IT, it is very difficult to develop a more difficult AI project. Because of knowledge reserves and resource constraints, it is difficult for us to develop a basic prototype, although I am responsible for system security, which is not the core part.
To become a qualified system security manager, I still need to be familiar with all kinds of networks. Host. Database. WEB security knowledge and technical skills and offensive and defensive means, the most needed to master these is time. But I will do my best to learn and master these knowledges and contribute to our team.


Tools and Technologies

There is several software should be needed to do this project.

Acumos AI：It’s a platform and open source framework that makes it easy to build, share, and distribute AI applications. It supports open source innovation in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning.

CaffeOnSpark：The CaffeOnSpark tool is based on deep learning, a branch of artificial intelligence that is useful in helping machines recognize human languages, or the content of photos and videos.

H2O.ai: It has a place in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence because its main tool is free and open source.

A mobile phone for the ios system and a mobile phone for the Android system.
ios system requirements (version): ios 10.0
Android system requirements (version): Android 8.0.0
Software Requirements
AndroidAP (this is a mobile app compiling software)
 
We don’t need any software licenses because it just a practice for us. About hardware, several computers are enough, no need for extra hardware.

There are two people responsible for programmer, we have less experiences for these software, we should do more practice, but we are good at statistics, Machine learning theory, data processing, Debug or tune the model and Software engineering, there are all important skills in AI development.

In the first stage that is all about drawing and design. we use pen, pencil, eraser and notebook to draw the draft of prototype. In the second stage, we design prototype on our own laptop by using Lucidchart and Mockplus. Some picture is found on google. Reference located at the end of the report. Third stage is too hard for our level, it may need program app such as java eclipse.
 
About the system security manager, need to be familiar with the tcp/ip protocol, and be familiar with at least one programming language familiar with C, C++ or JAVA.
Needed certificate: CISSP (registered information system security expert, internationally recognized, requires long-term security work experience)
CISP (registered information security professional, national level)
others like CSSLP, CISAW, Security+, CISA.
 

Testing

There are five steps for testing our AI project：

1.        AI test needs analysis

The requirements of AI test requirements are basically the same as those of traditional software tests. It is necessary to clarify the objects to be tested, the scope of testing, the methods and tools of testing, the criteria for testing, etc.

2.        Test environment preparation

Currently, AI algorithms, such as recommendation systems, search engines, image classification, and natural language processing, therefore the test environment preparation of the AI algorithm model usually requires consideration of data volume, calculation amount, test time, and other factors.

3.        Test data preparation and verification

AI systems, whether machine learning, recommendation systems, computer vision, or natural language processing, there are all require a certain amount of test data for model evaluation and testing.

4.        AI system testing and analysis

For example, offline evaluation of models is mainly to evaluate the predictive ability of AI models for unknown new data, reliability testing, etc.

5.        AI model online and monitoring

After the AI model is launched, the model indicators are evaluated every few days or weeks according to the actual business.

According to the fifth step of the testing, this project should involves user testing. Our project suitable for everyone, it is powerful. Even old people and children can use it. So, we will provide this AI manager for people of different ages and occupations, that include students, businessman, Office worker and so on. We plan to find 1000 people to get this testing and Recycle their feedback on a regular basis.

Timeframe
Total construction period: 14 weeks

Week 1: Beginning phase

Group discussion project implementation method

Week 2: 

Segmentation of discussion results last week, task/role assignment

Week 3: Project prototype 

Finish the survey, draw the prototype, prepare the tools and skills needed for each mission

Week 4: R&D stage 

Formal integration after the completion of the first phase of the project

Week 5: Interactive interface design, icon design, database model, AI program complete

Week 6: Test phase (testing under different conditions)

Week 7: Operation test

Week 8: User test

Week 9: Collect test data

Week 10: According to the test optimize the program

Week 11: Extract 500 people for retest

Week 12: Collect test data and optimize the program again

Week 13: Back end test

Week 14: Operational phase (publish the app on the appropriate platform)

 
Risks

There are several risks in different areas:

Old people or children may give AI manager wrong instructions, that will cause AI manager paralysis or create property damage.

Someone may maliciously tamper with the program to steal money.

For the new user, the design app always be very scary. When you are using it, plenty of different parts which you never.
 
When we develop software, we must prevent someone from maliciously destroying our system. A compromised system may cause all our work to fall short.
Group processes and communications
In the group work, good communication is the key to achieving good results. Our team has completed two assignments together. From the beginning, our team discussed in class how we can complete the group work well, because most of the team members use WeChat, so we decided to create a group chat on WeChat. The group communication and problem communication are carried out in this group. In the first assignment, our communication is not much problem. The questions raised in the group chat can also get a positive response. When I started the second assignment, one of the members of the group did not communicate with us because we had a clear division of labor, so the lack of communication from one person would affect the performance of the group. In order to solve this problem, We sent an email to the team member and asked what happened. Later, I learned that the WeChat account of this group member could not log in. Since she didn't know WeChat very well, we told her to create a new account, and then we put it again. She pulled into the group and the problem was solved very well. We will also meet once a week to discuss the group, because some problems cannot be solved through text communication, meeting communication can better solve problems and understand each other's progress, in general, the communication between our team members is very good.’
 

 

Skills and Jobs
Project Manager
Project managers organize people, time and resources to make sure information technology projects meet stated requirements and are completed on time and on budget. They may manage a whole project from start to finish or manage part of a larger 'programmer'. It isn't an entry-level role: project managers have to be pretty clued up. This requires experience and a good foundation of technology and soft skills, which are essential for working with tech development teams and higher-level business managers. Key skills needed: Leadership, Organization, Problem Solving, Communication, Clear Thinking and Ability to Stay Calm under Pressure
 
Software Engineer and Tester
The work of a software engineer typically includes designing and programming system-level software: operating systems, database systems, embedded systems and so on. They understand how both software and hardware function. They try to anticipate all the ways an application or system might be used and how it could fail. They also prepare test scripts and macros, and analyse the results, which are fed back to the project leader so that fixes can be made. The work can involve talking to clients and colleagues to assess and define what solution or system is needed, which means there's a lot of interaction as well as full-on technical work. Key skills needed: Analysis, Logic and Investigative Thinking, Teamwork, Attention to detail, Creativity, Organization, Analytical and Communication.
 
Business Analysis
Business analysts are true midfielders, equally happy talking with technology people, business managers and end users. They identify opportunities for improvement to processes and business operations using information technology. The role is project based and begins with analyzing a customer's needs, gathering and documenting requirements and creating a project plan to design the resulting technology solution. Key skills needed: Communication, Presentation, Facilitation and Problem Solving.
 
IT Support
The IT Support team maintains the computer networks of all types of organizations, providing technical support and ensuring the whole company runs smoothly. IT Support monitors and maintains the company computer systems, installs and configures hardware and software, and solves technical problems. Key skills needed: Technical and Logical Thinking, Problem Solving, Attention to Detail and the Ability to Prioritize and Delegate.
 
 

Group Reflection
Zijie Luo
What went well: In the past few weeks, our group has completed assignments 2 and 3, which can be said to be a relatively large assignment, but despite the large and cumbersome work, our group has successfully completed assignments, because we have A good communication and division of labor, I think the members of our group are great.
 
What could be improved: There are many aspects that can be improved. For example, our knowledge needs to be improved, and preparation should be more adequate. We failed to complete the prototype in Assignment 3 mainly because of our lack of knowledge.
 
At least one thing that was surprising: One thing that surprised me a lot is that our team will spend some time together to discuss the progress of the group learning, which did not exist in my previous group work.
 
At least one thing that you have learned about groups: I learned from group members that I need to improve, that is I need to overcome my delay, because my previous state was to leave things to the last day, but my group members are different, they taught I have to prepare in advance.
 
Yifei Wang
Through this project, we are more familiar with the group-work, and let us understand what we should pay attention to when we are in the group. We have a good work distribution at the beginning of the project, and everyone can clearly know how they should complete their part. It is not because the task is too complicated and the quality of the finished site is very poor. 
But we are also deeply aware that we have not done a good job. In the team work, it is not suitable, there are frequent arguments, and there are different opinions on different issues. Although this is good at the beginning, it should not affect the judgment of other team members after distributing the tasks. This makes our mid-term progress very slow. And our project is too difficult to achieve at this stage, so that we can get limited information, the whole project can only be subjectively conceived by us.
What surprised me in this whole project is that our team did not have a team leader this time. It was all of our team members who coordinated and discussed with each other, but the task distribution was not very confused.
Hai Minh Khue Ta
·         What went well is that this time, the group has the same team members as last time, so we know what to do to make the assignment more efficient. Each member is still responsible for at least one part of the assignment.

·        This time, we have to prepare for the exams, as well as other assignments, therefore we have to rush for the assignment. The thing we need to improve this time is time management.

·         Last assignment, we just communicated through the Wechat or email. But this time we arranged the meet up to discuss about our work, which surprised me a lot.

·         Thing I have learned from the group: We need to prepare the work in advance so that we do not have to rush for it at the deadline. 

 

Nuozehua li
I think what we went well is our group have a clear division of labor，at the beginning of this assignment，each of us has been assigned a different tasks. We also have active communication，each week we will discuss the process of the assignment in our WeChat group or went to the university library talk fact to fact.
 
What could be improved: For us, the biggest regret is that our team members always missing in class on Thursday，this made our group process  becomes slowly.
 
At least one thing that was surprising: Each team members spend a lot of time in this assignment because each of us has been assigned a lot of extra work for getting a high mark，and each one did very well，nobody complained about it.
 
At least one thing that you have learned about groups: Team communication is very important for a group.
 
Haihzou Cheng
What went well: We made a complete plan which let everyone have the same amount of work to do. We all try our best on this assignment and learn a lot of new knowledge about our own part, know plenty skills and have more experience on different areas which can help us in the future and make us feel confident.
 
What needs to improve: To be honest this assignment is quite a little bit too hard for our level, I know school wants to give us a chance to do something we are interested in to excitation our enthusiasm which can let us know what we should do in the future and what should we learn in RMIT, however, we tried our best on this assignment but because of our project may be too hard to achieve, it is using some technique and knowledge which we cannot use also we cannot learn to use. So that this trouble gives us a lot of resistance.
 


Final Group Reflection
In general，each group member did a lot of work in this assignment. We are good team!
There are many things we did well at this time, for example: our group have a clear division of labor，at the beginning of this assignment，each of us has been assigned a different tasks and we have the same team members as last time so we know what to do to make the assignment more efficient. Each member is still responsible for at least one part of the assignment.
 
There still have some places need to improve: firstly, our team members always missing in class on Thursday, this made our group process becomes slowly. Secondly, our knowledge needs to be improved, and preparation should be more adequate. And the last one is we should learn how to manage our time, We almost didn't have time to finish the assignment.
 
At least one thing that was surprising is each team members spend a lot of time in this assignment because each of us has been assigned a lot of extra work for getting high mark，and each one did very well，nobody complained about it and our team will spend some time together to discuss the progress of the group learning, which did not exist in our previous group work.
 
At least one thing that we have learned about groups: Team communication is very important for a group. And we need to prepare the work in advance so that we do not have to rush for it at the deadline. That’s all we learn from this group work.
 
 
 
Reference list:
Image:  Google.com. (2019). [online] Available at: https://www.google.com/search?biw=1474&bih=794&tbm=isch&sxsrf=ACYBGNRSjqhD1Cldp9fFwn5Fxsc0AAcJkw%3A1570422600690&sa=1&ei=SL-aXcvmKaXVz7sP9punqAE&q=%E5%A3%81%E7%BA%B8&oq=%E5%A3%81%E7%BA%B8&gs_l=img.3...36997. 42134..42226...5. 0..0.165.1598.0j10......0.... 1.. gws-wiz-img.....10..35i39j0j35i362i39j0i67j0i30j0i8i30.QQCHEH-WXFw&ved=0ahUKEwjLqouKqInlAhWl6nMBHfbNCRUQ4dUDCAc&uact=5#imgrc=fpE6y_eDmh4oxM: [Accessed 7 Oct. 2019].
Design principle:  Schor’s, o. (2019). Top UI Design Principles to Keep In Mind. [online] Medium. Available at: https://uxplanet.org/top-ui-design-principles-to-keep-in-mind-bfb3ad8790c6 [Accessed 9 Oct. 2019].
UI design basic: Usability.gov. (2019). User Interface Design Basics | Usability.gov. [online] Available at: https://www.usability.gov/what-and-why/user-interface-design.html [Accessed 9 Oct. 2019].
 
